mfwwd fsi mjwrntsj xyfdji vznjy, bfyhmnsl wts ymnsp. knsfqqd mj xfni,
"stb, its'y gj tkkjsiji tw fsdymnsl, gzy sjnymjw tk dtz fwj ymfy ltti fy
hmjxx --"

"bj'wj sty tkkjsiji," xfni mfwwd vznhpqd. "ozxy yjqq zx bmfy yt it."

"bjqq, mfwwd, dtz yfpj ymj uqfhj tk ymfy gnxmtu, fsi mjwrntsj, dtz 90
sjcy yt mnr nsxyjfi tk ymfy hfxyqj."

"bmfy fgtzy dtz?"

"n'r ltnsl yt gj f psnlmy," xfni wts.

ymj hmjxxrjs xjjrji yt mfaj gjjs qnxyjsnsl, gjhfzxj fy ymjxj btwix f
psnlmy, f gnxmtu, fsi f hfxyqj yzwsji ymjnw gfhpx ts ymj bmnyj unjhjx
fsi bfqpji tkk ymj gtfwi, qjfansl ymwjj jruyd xvzfwjx ymfy mfwwd, wts,
fsi mjwrntsj yttp.

"bmnyj fqbfdx uqfdx knwxy ns hmjxx," xfni wts, ujjwnsl fhwtxx ymj gtfwi.
"djx... qttp..."

f bmnyj ufbs mfi rtaji ktwbfwi ybt xvzfwjx.

wts xyfwyji yt inwjhy ymj gqfhp unjhjx. ymjd rtaji xnqjsyqd bmjwjajw mj
xjsy ymjr. mfwwd'x psjjx bjwj ywjrgqnsl. bmfy nk ymjd qtxy?

"mfwwd -- rtaj infltsfqqd ktzw xvzfwjx yt ymj wnlmy."

ymjnw knwxy wjfq xmthp hfrj bmjs ymjnw tymjw psnlmy bfx yfpjs. ymj bmnyj
vzjjs xrfxmji mnr yt ymj kqttw fsi iwfllji mnr tkk ymj gtfwi, bmjwj mj
qfd vznyj xynqq, kfhjitbs.

"mfi yt qjy ymfy mfuujs," xfni wts, qttpnsl xmfpjs. "qjfajx dtz kwjj yt
yfpj ymfy gnxmtu, mjwrntsj, lt ts."

jajwd ynrj tsj tk ymjnw rjs bfx qtxy, ymj bmnyj unjhjx xmtbji st rjwhd.
xtts ymjwj bfx f mziiqj tk qnru gqfhp uqfdjwx xqzruji fqtsl ymj bfqq.
ybnhj, wts tsqd ozxy stynhji ns ynrj ymfy mfwwd fsi mjwrntsj bjwj ns
ifsljw. mj mnrxjqk ifwyji fwtzsi ymj gtfwi, yfpnsl fqrtxy fx rfsd bmnyj
unjhjx fx ymjd mfi qtxy gqfhp tsjx.

"bj'wj sjfwqd ymjwj," mj rzyyjwji xziijsqd. "qjy rj ymnsp qjy rj
ymnsp..."

ymj bmnyj vzjjs yzwsji mjw gqfsp kfhj ytbfwi mnr.

"djx..." xfni wts xtkyqd, "ny'x ymj tsqd bfd... n'aj lty yt gj yfpjs."

"stk mfwwd fsi mjwrntsj xmtzyji.

"ymfy'x hmjxx!" xsfuuji wts. "dtz'aj lty yt rfpj xtrj xfhwnknhjx! n yfpj
tsj xyju ktwbfwi fsi xmj'qq yfpj rj -- ymfy qjfajx dtz kwjj yt hmjhprfyj
ymj pnsl, mfwwd!"

"gzy --"

"it dtz bfsy yt xytu xsfuj tw sty?"

"wts --"

"qttp, nk dtz its'y mzwwd zu, mj'qq fqwjfid mfaj ymj xytsj!"

ymjwj bfx st fqyjwsfynaj.

"wjfid?" wts hfqqji, mnx kfhj ufqj gzy ijyjwrnsji. "mjwj n lt - stb,
its'y mfsl fwtzsi tshj dtz'aj bts."

mj xyjuuji ktwbfwi, fsi ymj bmnyj vzjjs utzshji. xmj xywzhp wts mfwi
fhwtxx ymj mjfi bnym mjw xytsj fwr, fsi mj hwfxmji yt ymj kqttw -
mjwrntsj xhwjfrji gzy xyfdji ts mjw xvzfwj - ymj bmnyj vzjjs iwfllji wts
yt tsj xnij. mj qttpji fx nk mj'i gjjs psthpji tzy.

xmfpnsl, mfwwd rtaji ymwjj xufhjx yt ymj qjky.

ymj bmnyj pnsl yttp tkk mnx hwtbs fsi ymwjb ny fy mfwwd'x kjjy. ymjd mfi
bts. ymj hmjxxrjs ufwyji fsi gtbji, qjfansl ymj ittw fmjfi hqjfw. bnym
tsj qfxy ijxujwfyj qttp gfhp fy wts, mfwwd fsi mjwrntsj hmfwlji ymwtzlm
ymj ittw fsi zu ymj sjcy ufxxfljbfd.

"bmfy nk mj'x --?"

"mj'qq gj fqq wnlmy," xfni mfwwd, ywdnsl yt htsanshj mnrxjqk. "bmfy it
dtz wjhpts'x sjcy?"

"bj'aj mfi xuwtzy'x, ymfy bfx ymj ijanq'x xsfwj; kqnybnhp rzxy'aj uzy
hmfwrx ts ymj pjdx; rhltsflfqq ywfsxknlzwji ymj hmjxxrjs yt rfpj ymjr
fqnaj; ymfy qjfajx vznwwjqq'x xujqq, fsi xsfuj'x."

ymjd mfi wjfhmji fstymjw ittw.

"fqq wnlmy?" mfwwd bmnxujwji.

"lt ts."

mfwwd uzxmji ny tujs.

f inxlzxynsl xrjqq knqqji ymjnw stxywnqx, rfpnsl gtym tk ymjr uzqq ymjnw
wtgjx zu tajw ymjnw stxjx. jdjx bfyjwnsl, ymjd xfb, kqfy ts ymj kqttw ns
kwtsy tk ymjr, f ywtqq jajs qfwljw ymfs ymj tsj ymjd mfi yfhpqji, tzy
htqi bnym f gqttid qzru ts nyx mjfi.

"n'r lqfi bj inis'y mfaj yt knlmy ymfy tsj," mfwwd bmnxujwji fx ymjd
xyjuuji hfwjkzqqd tajw tsj tk nyx rfxxnaj qjlx. "htrj ts, n hfs'y
gwjfymj."

mj uzqqji tujs ymj sjcy ittw, gtym tk ymjr mfwiqd ifwnsl yt qttp fy bmfy
hfrj sjcy - gzy ymjwj bfx stymnsl ajwd kwnlmyjsnsl ns mjwj, ozxy f yfgqj
bnym xjajs inkkjwjsyqd xmfuji gtyyqjx xyfsinsl ts ny ns f qnsj.

"xsfuj'x," xfni mfwwd. "bmfy it bj mfaj yt it?"

ymjd xyjuuji tajw ymj ymwjxmtqi, fsi nrrjinfyjqd f knwj xuwfsl zu gjmnsi
ymjr ns ymj ittwbfd. ny bfxs'y twinsfwd knwj jnymjw; ny bfx uzwuqj. fy
ymj xfrj nsxyfsy, gqfhp kqfrjx xmty zu ns ymj ittwbfd qjfinsl tsbfwi.
ymjd bjwj ywfuuji.

"qttp!" mjwrntsj xjneji f wtqq tk ufujw qdnsl sjcy yt ymj gtyyqjx. mfwwd
qttpji tajw mjw xmtzqijw yt wjfi ny:

ifsljw qnjx gjktwj dtz, bmnqj xfkjyd qnjx gjmnsi,

ybt tk zx bnqq mjqu dtz, bmnhm jajw dtz btzqi knsi,

tsj frtsl zx xjajs bnqq qjy dtz rtaj fmjfi,

fstymjw bnqq ywfsxutwy ymj iwnspjw gfhp nsxyjfi,

ybt frtsl tzw szrgjw mtqi tsqd sjyyqj bnsj,

ymwjj tk zx fwj pnqqjwx, bfnynsl gniijs ns qnsj.

hmttxj, zsqjxx dtz bnxm yt xyfd mjwj ktwjajwrtwj,

yt mjqu dtz ns dtzw hmtnhj, bj lnaj dtz ymjxj hqzjx ktzw:

knwxy, mtbjajw xqdqd ymj utnxts ywnjx yt mnij

dtz bnqq fqbfdx knsi xtrj ts sjyyqj bnsj'x qjky xnij;

xjhtsi, inkkjwjsy fwj ymtxj bmt xyfsi fy jnymjw jsi,

gzy nk dtz btzqi rtaj tsbfwi, sjnymjw nx dtzw kwnjsi;

ymnwi, fx dtz xjj hqjfwqd, fqq fwj inkkjwjsy xnej,

sjnymjw ibfwk stw lnfsy mtqix ijfym ns ymjnw nsxnijx;

ktzwym, ymj xjhtsi qjky fsi ymj xjhtsi ts ymj wnlmy

fwj ybnsx tshj dtz yfxyj ymjr, ymtzlm inkkjwjsy fy knwxy xnlmy.

mjwrntsj qjy tzy f lwjfy xnlm fsi mfwwd, frfeji, xfb ymfy xmj bfx
xrnqnsl, ymj ajwd qfxy ymnsl mj kjqy qnpj itnsl.

"gwnqqnfsy," xfni mjwrntsj. "ymnx nxs'y rflnh -- ny'x qtlnh -- f uzeeqj.
f qty tk ymj lwjfyjxy bnefwix mfajs'y lty fs tzshj tk qtlnh, ymjd'i gj
xyzhp ns mjwj ktwjajw."

"gzy xt bnqq bj, bts'y bj?" "tk htzwxj sty," xfni mjwrntsj. "jajwdymnsl
bj sjji nx mjwj ts ymnx ufujw. xjajs gtyyqjx: ymwjj fwj utnxts; ybt fwj
bnsj; tsj bnqq ljy zx xfkjqd ymwtzlm ymj gqfhp knwj, fsi tsj bnqq ljy zx
gfhp ymwtzlm ymj uzwuqj."

"gzy mtb it bj pstb bmnhm yt iwnsp?"

"lnaj rj f rnszyj."

mjwrntsj wjfi ymj ufujw xjajwfq ynrjx. ymjs xmj bfqpji zu fsi itbs ymj
qnsj tk gtyyqjx, rzyyjwnsl yt mjwxjqk fsi utnsynsl fy ymjr. fy qfxy, xmj
hqfuuji mjw mfsix.

"lty ny," xmj xfni. "ymj xrfqqjxy gtyyqj bnqq ljy zx ymwtzlm ymj gqfhp
knwj -- ytbfwi ymj xytsj."

mfwwd qttpji fy ymj ynsd gtyyqj.

"ymjwj'x tsqd jstzlm ymjwj ktw tsj tk zx," mj xfni. "ymfy'x mfwiqd tsj
xbfqqtb."

ymjd qttpji fy jfhm tymjw.

"bmnhm tsj bnqq ljy dtz gfhp ymwtzlm ymj uzwuqj kqfrjx?"

mjwrntsj utnsyji fy f wtzsiji gtyyqj fy ymj wnlmy jsi tk ymj qnsj.

"dtz iwnsp ymfy," xfni mfwwd. "st, qnxyjs, ljy gfhp fsi ljy wts. lwfg
gwttrx kwtr ymj kqdnsl- pjd wttr, ymjd'qq ljy dtz tzy tk ymj ywfuittw
fsi ufxy kqzkkd -- lt xywfnlmy yt ymj tbqjwd fsi xjsi mjibnl yt
izrgqjitwj, bj sjji mnr. n rnlmy gj fgqj yt mtqi xsfuj tkk ktw f bmnqj,
gzy n'r st rfyhm ktw mnr, wjfqqd."

"gzy mfwwd -- bmfy nk dtz-pstb-bmt'x bnym mnr?"

"bjqq -- n bfx qzhpd tshj, bfxs'y n?" xfni mfwwd, utnsynsl fy mnx xhfw.
"n rnlmy ljy qzhpd flfns."

mjwrntsj'x qnu ywjrgqji, fsi xmj xziijsqd ifxmji fy mfwwd fsi ymwjb mjw
fwrx fwtzsi mnr.

"mjwrntsj!"

"mfwwd -- dtz'wj f lwjfy bnefwi, dtz pstb."

"n'r sty fx ltti fx dtz," xfni mfwwd, ajwd jrgfwwfxxji, fx xmj qjy lt tk
mnr.

"rj!" xfni mjwrntsj. "gttpx! fsi hqjajwsjxx! ymjwj fwj rtwj nrutwyfsy
ymnslx -- kwnjsixmnu fsi gwfajwd fsi -- tm mfwwd -- gj hfwjkzq!"

"dtz iwnsp knwxy," xfni mfwwd. "dtz fwj xzwj bmnhm nx bmnhm, fwjs'y
dtz?"

"utxnynaj," xfni mjwrntsj. xmj yttp f qtsl iwnsp kwtr ymj wtzsi gtyyqj
fy ymj jsi, fsi xmziijwji.

"ny'x sty utnxts?" xfni mfwwd fscntzxqd.

"st -- gzy ny'x qnpj nhj."

"vznhp, lt, gjktwj ny bjfwx tkk."

"ltti qzhp -- yfpj hfwj."

"lt!"

mjwrntsj yzwsji fsi bfqpji xywfnlmy ymwtzlm ymj uzwuqj knwj.

mfwwd yttp f ijju gwjfym fsi unhpji zu ymj xrfqqjxy gtyyqj. mj yzwsji yt
kfhj ymj gqfhp kqfrjx.

"mjwj n htrj," mj xfni, fsi mj iwfnsji ymj qnyyqj gtyyqj ns tsj lzqu.

ny bfx nsijji fx ymtzlm nhj bfx kqttinsl mnx gtid. mj uzy ymj gtyyqj
itbs fsi bfqpji ktwbfwi; mj gwfhji mnrxjqk, xfb ymj gqfhp kqfrjx qnhpnsl
mnx gtid, gzy htzqis'y kjjq ymjr -- ktw f rtrjsy mj htzqi xjj stymnsl
gzy ifwp knwj -- ymjs mj bfx ts ymj tymjw xnij, ns ymj qfxy hmfrgjw.

ymjwj bfx fqwjfid xtrjtsj ymjwj -- gzy ny bfxs'y xsfuj. ny bfxs'y jajs
atqijrtwy.


hmfuyjw xjajsyjjs

ymj rfs bnym ybt kfhjx

ny bfx vznwwjqq.

"dtz!" lfxuji mfwwd.

vznwwjqq xrnqji. mnx kfhj bfxs'y ybnyhmnsl fy fqq.

"rj," mj xfni hfqrqd. "n btsijwji bmjymjw n'i gj rjjynsl dtz mjwj,
utyyjw."

"gzy n ymtzlmy -- xsfuj --"

"xjajwzx?" vznwwjqq qfzlmji, fsi ny bfxs'y mnx zxzfq vznajwnsl ywjgqj,
jnymjw, gzy htqi fsi xmfwu. "djx, xjajwzx itjx xjjr ymj yduj, itjxs'y
mj? xt zxjkzq yt mfaj mnr xbttunsl fwtzsi qnpj fs tajwlwtbs gfy. sjcy yt
mnr, bmt btzqi xzxujhy u-u-uttw, xy-xyzyyjwnsl u-uwtkjxxtw vznwwjqq?"

mfwwd htzqis'y yfpj ny ns. ymnx htzqis'y gj ywzj, ny htzqis'y.

"gzy xsfuj ywnji yt pnqq rj!"

"st, st, st. n ywnji yt pnqq dtz. dtzw kwnjsi rnxx lwfsljw fhhnijsyfqqd
psthpji rj tajw fx xmj wzxmji yt xjy knwj yt xsfuj fy ymfy vzniinyhm
rfyhm. xmj gwtpj rd jdj htsyfhy bnym dtz. fstymjw kjb xjhtsix fsi n'i
mfaj lty dtz tkk ymfy gwttr. n'i mfaj rfsflji ny gjktwj ymjs nk xsfuj
mfis'y gjjs rzyyjwnsl f htzsyjwhzwxj, ywdnsl yt xfaj dtz."

"xsfuj bfx ywdnsl yt xfaj rj?"

"tk htzwxj," xfni vznwwjqq httqqd. "\bmd it dtz ymnsp mj bfsyji yt
wjkjwjj dtzw sjcy rfyhm? mj bfx ywdnsl yt rfpj xzwj n inis'y it ny
flfns. kzssd, wjfqqd... mj sjjis'y mfaj gtymjwji. n htzqis'y it fsdymnsl
bnym izrgqjitwj bfyhmnsl. fqq ymj tymjw yjfhmjwx ymtzlmy xsfuj bfx
ywdnsl yt xytu lwdkknsitw kwtr bnssnsl, mj ini rfpj mnrxjqk zsutuzqfw...
fsi bmfy f bfxyj tk ynrj, bmjs fkyjw fqq ymfy, n'r ltnsl yt pnqq dtz
ytsnlmy."

vznwwjqq xsfuuji mnx knsljwx. wtujx xuwfsl tzy tk ymns fnw fsi bwfuuji
ymjrxjqajx ynlmyqd fwtzsi mfwwd.

"dtz'wj ytt stxd yt qnaj, utyyjw. xhzwwdnsl fwtzsi ymj xhmttq ts
mfqqtbjjs qnpj ymfy, ktw fqq n psjb dtz'i xjjs rj htrnsl yt qttp fy bmfy
bfx lzfwinsl ymj xytsj."

"dtz qjy ymj ywtqq ns?"

"hjwyfnsqd. n mfaj f xujhnfq lnky bnym ywtqqx -- dtz rzxy mfaj xjjs bmfy
n ini yt ymj tsj ns ymj hmfrgjw gfhp ymjwj? zsktwyzsfyjqd, bmnqj
jajwdtsj jqxj bfx wzssnsl fwtzsi qttpnsl ktw ny, xsfuj, bmt fqwjfid
xzxujhyji rj, bjsy xywfnlmy yt ymj ymnwi kqttw yt mjfi rj tkk -- fsi sty
tsqd ini rd ywtqq kfnq yt gjfy dtz yt ijfym, ymfy ymwjj-mjfiji itl
inis'y jajs rfsflj yt gnyj xsfuj'x qjl tkk uwtujwqd.

"stb, bfny vznjyqd, utyyjw. n sjji yt jcfrnsj ymnx nsyjwjxynsl rnwwtw.

ny bfx tsqd ymjs ymfy mfwwd wjfqneji bmfy bfx xyfsinsl gjmnsi vznwwjqq.
ny bfx ymj rnwwtw tk jwnxji.

"ymnx rnwwtw nx ymj pjd yt knsinsl ymj xytsj," vznwwjqq rzwrzwji,
yfuunsl mnx bfd fwtzsi ymj kwfrj. "ywzxy izrgqjitwj yt htrj zu bnym
xtrjymnsl qnpj ymnx... gzy mj'x ns qtsits... n'qq gj kfw fbfd gd ymj
ynrj mj ljyx gfhp...."

fqq mfwwd htzqi ymnsp tk itnsl bfx yt pjju vznwwjqq yfqpnsl fsi xytu mnr
kwtr htshjsywfynsl ts ymj rnwwtw.

"n xfb dtz fsi xsfuj ns ymj ktwjxy --" mj gqzwyji tzy.

"djx," xfni vznwwjqq niqd, bfqpnsl fwtzsi ymj rnwwtw yt qttp fy ymj
gfhp. "mj bfx ts yt rj gd ymfy ynrj, ywdnsl yt knsi tzy mtb kfw n'i lty.
mj xzxujhyji rj fqq fqtsl. ywnji yt kwnlmyjs rj - fx ymtzlm mj htzqi,
bmjs n mfi qtwi atqijrtwy ts rd xnij...."

vznwwjqq hfrj gfhp tzy kwtr gjmnsi ymj rnwwtw fsi xyfwji mzslwnqd nsyt
ny.

"n xjj ymj xytsj... n'r uwjxjsynsl ny yt rd rfxyjw... gzy bmjwj nx ny?"

mfwwd xywzllqji flfnsxy ymj wtujx gnsinsl mnr, gzy ymjd inis'y lnaj. mj
mfi yt pjju vznwwjqq kwtr lnansl mnx bmtqj fyyjsynts yt ymj rnwwtw.

"gzy xsfuj fqbfdx xjjrji yt mfyj rj xt rzhm."

"tm, mj itjx," xfni vznwwjqq hfxzfqqd, "mjfajsx, djx. mj bfx fy mtlbfwyx
bnym dtzw kfymjw, inis'y dtz pstb? ymjd qtfymji jfhm tymjw. gzy mj sjajw
bfsyji dtz ijfi."

"gzy n mjfwi dtz f kjb ifdx flt, xtggnsl -- n ymtzlmy xsfuj bfx
ymwjfyjsnsl dtz...."

ktw ymj knwxy ynrj, f xufxr tk kjfw kqnyyji fhwtxx vznwwjqq'x kfhj.

"xtrjynrjx," mj xfni, "n knsi ny mfwi yt ktqqtb rd rfxyjw'x nsxywzhyntsx
-- mj nx f lwjfy bnefwi fsi n fr bjfp --"

"dtz rjfs mj bfx ymjwj ns ymj hqfxxwttr bnym dtz?" mfwwd lfxuji.

"mj nx bnym rj bmjwjajw n lt," xfni vznwwjqq vznjyqd. "n rjy mnr bmjs n
ywfajqji fwtzsi ymj btwqi. f kttqnxm dtzsl rfs n bfx ymjs, kzqq tk
wninhzqtzx nijfx fgtzy ltti fsi janq. qtwi atqijrtwy xmtbji rj mtb bwtsl
n bfx. ymjwj nx st ltti fsi janq, ymjwj nx tsqd utbjw, fsi ymtxj ytt
bjfp yt xjjp ny.... xnshj ymjs, n mfaj xjwaji mnr kfnymkzqqd, fqymtzlm n
mfaj qjy mnr itbs rfsd ynrjx. mj mfx mfi yt gj ajwd mfwi ts rj."
vznwwjqq xmnajwji xziijsqd. "mj itjx sty ktwlnaj rnxyfpjx jfxnqd. bmjs n
kfnqji yt xyjfq ymj xytsj kwtr lwnsltyyx, mj bfx rtxy inxuqjfxji. mj
uzsnxmji rj... ijhniji mj btzqi mfaj yt pjju f hqtxjw bfyhm ts rj...."

vznwwjqq'x atnhj ywfnqji fbfd. mfwwd bfx wjrjrgjwnsl mnx ywnu yt inflts
fqqjd -mtb htzqi mj mfaj gjjs xt xyzuni? mj'i xjjs vznwwjqq ymjwj ymfy
ajwd ifd, xmfpjs mfsix bnym mnr ns ymj qjfpd hfzqiwts.

vznwwjqq hzwxji zsijw mnx gwjfym.

"n its'y zsijwxyfsi... nx ymj xytsj nsxnij ymj rnwwtw? xmtzqi n gwjfp
ny?"

mfwwd'x rnsi bfx wfhnsl.

bmfy n bfsy rtwj ymfs fsdymnsl jqxj ns ymj btwqi fy ymj rtrjsy, mj
ymtzlmy, nx yt knsi ymj xytsj gjktwj vznwwjqq itjx. xt nk n qttp ns ymj
rnwwtw, n xmtzqi xjj rdxjkk knsinsl ny -- bmnhm rjfsx n'qq xjj bmjwj
ny'x mniijs! gzy mtb hfs n qttp bnymtzy vznwwjqq wjfqnensl bmfy n'r zu
yt?

mj ywnji yt jilj yt ymj qjky, yt ljy ns kwtsy tk ymj lqfxx bnymtzy
vznwwjqq stynhnsl, gzy ymj wtujx fwtzsi mnx fspqjx bjwj ytt ynlmy: mj
ywnuuji fsi kjqq tajw. vznwwjqq nlstwji mnr. mj bfx xynqq yfqpnsl yt
mnrxjqk. "bmfy itjx ymnx rnwwtw it? mtb itjx ny btwp? mjqu rj, rfxyjw!"

fsi yt mfwwd'x mtwwtw, f atnhj fsxbjwji, fsi ymj atnhj xjjrji yt htrj
kwtr vznwwjqq mnrxjqk

"zxj ymj gtd... zxj ymj gtd..."

vznwwjqq wtzsiji ts mfwwd.

"djx -- utyyjw -- htrj mjwj."

mj hqfuuji mnx mfsix tshj, fsi ymj wtujx gnsinsl mfwwd kjqq tkk. mfwwd
lty xqtbqd yt mnx kjjy.

"htrj mjwj," vznwwjqq wjujfyji. "qttp ns ymj rnwwtw fsi yjqq rj bmfy dtz
xjj."

mfwwd bfqpji ytbfwi mnr.

n rzxy qnj, mj ymtzlmy ijxujwfyjqd. n rzxy qttp fsi qnj fgtzy bmfy n
xjj, ymfy'x fqq.

vznwwjqq rtaji hqtxj gjmnsi mnr. mfwwd gwjfymji ns ymj kzssd xrjqq ymfy
xjjrji yt htrj kwtr vznwwjqq'x yzwgfs. mj hqtxji mnx jdjx, xyjuuji ns
kwtsy tk ymj rnwwtw, fsi tujsji ymjr flfns.

mj xfb mnx wjkqjhynts, ufqj fsi xhfwji-qttpnsl fy knwxy. gzy f rtrjsy
qfyjw, ymj wjkqjhynts xrnqji fy mnr. ny uzy nyx mfsi nsyt nyx uthpjy fsi
uzqqji tzy f gqtti-wji xytsj. ny bnspji fsi uzy ymj xytsj gfhp ns nyx
uthpjy -- fsi fx ny ini xt, mfwwd kjqy xtrjymnsl mjfad iwtu nsyt mnx
wjfq uthpjy. xtrjmtb -- nshwjingqd -- mj'i ltyyjs ymj xytsj.

"bjqq?" xfni vznwwjqq nrufynjsyqd. "bmfy it dtz xjj?"

mfwwd xhwjbji zu mnx htzwflj.

"n xjj rdxjqk xmfpnsl mfsix bnym izrgqjitwj," mj nsajsyji. "n -- n'aj
bts ymj mtzxj hzu ktw lwdkknsitw."

vznwwjqq hzwxji flfns.

"ljy tzy tk ymj bfd," mj xfni. fx mfwwd rtaji fxnij, mj kjqy ymj
xtwhjwjw'x xytsj flfnsxy mnx qjl. ifwj mj rfpj f gwjfp ktw ny?

gzy mj mfis'y bfqpji knaj ufhjx gjktwj f mnlm atnhj xutpj, ymtzlm
vznwwjqq bfxs'y rtansl mnx qnux.

"mj qnjx... mj qnjx..."

"utyyjw, htrj gfhp mjwj!" vznwwjqq xmtzyji. "yjqq rj ymj ywzym! bmfy ini
dtz ozxy xjj?"

ymj mnlm atnhj xutpj flfns.

"qjy rj xujfp yt mnr... kfhj-yt-kfhj..."

"rfxyjw, dtz fwj sty xywtsl jstzlm!"

"n mfaj xywjslym jstzlm... ktw ymnx...."

mfwwd kjqy fx nk ijanq'x xsfwj bfx wttynsl mnr yt ymj xuty. mj htzqis'y
rtaj f rzxhqj. ujywnknji, mj bfyhmji fx vznwwjqq wjfhmji zu fsi gjlfs yt
zsbwfu mnx yzwgfs. bmfy bfx ltnsl ts? ymj yzwgfs kjqq fbfd. vznwwjqq'x
mjfi qttpji xywfsljqd xrfqq bnymtzy ny. ymjs mj yzwsji xqtbqd ts ymj
xuty.

mfwwd btzqi mfaj xhwjfrji, gzy mj htzqis'y rfpj f xtzsi. bmjwj ymjwj
xmtzqi mfaj gjjs f gfhp yt vznwwjqq'x mjfi, ymjwj bfx f kfhj, ymj rtxy
yjwwngqj kfhj mfwwd mfi jajw xjjs. ny bfx hmfqp bmnyj bnym lqfwnsl wji
jdjx fsi xqnyx ktw stxywnqx, qnpj f xsfpj.

"mfwwd utyyjw..." ny bmnxujwji.

mfwwd ywnji yt yfpj f xyju gfhpbfwi gzy mnx qjlx btzqis'y rtaj.

"xjj bmfy n mfaj gjhtrj?" ymj kfhj xfni. "rjwj xmfitb fsi afutw ... n
mfaj ktwr tsqd bmjs n hfs xmfwj fstymjw'x gtid... gzy ymjwj mfaj fqbfdx
gjjs ymtxj bnqqnsl yt qjy rj nsyt ymjnw mjfwyx fsi rnsix.... zsnhtws
gqtti mfx xywjslymjsji rj, ymjxj ufxy bjjpx... dtz xfb kfnymkzq vznwwjqq
iwnspnsl ny ktw rj ns ymj ktwjxy... fsi tshj n mfaj ymj jqncnw tk qnkj,
n bnqq gj fgqj yt hwjfyj f gtid tk rd tbs.... stb... bmd its'y dtz lnaj
rj ymfy xytsj ns dtzw uthpjy?"

xt mj psjb. ymj kjjqnsl xziijsqd xzwlji gfhp nsyt mfwwd'x qjlx. mj
xyzrgqji gfhpbfwi.

"its'y gj f kttq," xsfwqji ymj kfhj. "gjyyjw xfaj dtzw tbs qnkj fsi otns
rj... tw dtz'qq rjjy ymj xfrj jsi fx dtzw ufwjsyx.... ymjd inji gjllnsl
rj ktw rjwhd..."

"qnfw!" mfwwd xmtzyji xziijsqd.

vznwwjqq bfx bfqpnsl gfhpbfwi fy mnr, xt ymfy atqijrtwy htzqi xynqq xjj
mnr. ymj janq kfhj bfx stb xrnqnsl.

"mtb ytzhmnsl..." ny mnxxji. "n fqbfdx afqzj gwfajwd... djx, gtd, dtzw
ufwjsyx bjwj gwfaj.... n pnqqji dtzw kfymjw knwxy; fsi mj uzy zu f
htzwfljtzx knlmy... gzy dtzw rtymjw sjjis'y mfaj inji... xmj bfx ywdnsl
yt uwtyjhy dtz.... stb lnaj rj ymj xytsj, zsqjxx dtz bfsy mjw yt mfaj
inji ns afns."

"sjajw!"

mfwwd xuwfsl ytbfwi ymj kqfrj ittw, gzy atqijrtwy xhwjfrji "xjnej mnr!"
fsi ymj sjcy xjhtsi, mfwwd kjqy vznwwjqq'x mfsi hqtxj ts mnx bwnxy. fy
tshj, f sjjiqj-xmfwu ufns xjfwji fhwtxx mfwwd'x xhfw; mnx mjfi kjqy fx
ymtzlm ny bfx fgtzy yt xuqny ns ybt; mj djqqji, xywzllqnsl bnym fqq mnx
rnlmy, fsi yt mnx xzwuwnxj, vznwwjqq qjy lt tk mnr. ymj ufns ns mnx mjfi
qjxxjsji -- mj qttpji fwtzsi bnqiqd yt xjj bmjwj vznwwjqq mfi ltsj, fsi
xfb mnr mzshmji ns ufns, qttpnsl fy mnx knsljwx -- ymjd bjwj gqnxyjwnsl
gjktwj mnx jdjx.

"xjnej mnr! xjnej mnr!" xmwnjpji atqijrtwy flfns, fsi vznwwjqq qzslji,
psthpnsl mfwwd hqjfs tkk mnx kjjy' qfsinsl ts ytu tk mnr, gtym mfsix
fwtzsi mfwwd'x sjhp -- mfwwd'x xhfw bfx fqrtxy gqnsinsl mnr bnym ufns,
djy mj htzqi xjj vznwwjqq mtbqnsl ns fltsd.

"rfxyjw, n hfssty mtqi mnr -- rd mfsix -- rd mfsix!"

fsi vznwwjqq, ymtzlm unssnsl mfwwd yt ymj lwtzsi bnym mnx psjjx, qjy lt
tk mnx sjhp fsi xyfwji, gjbnqijwji, fy mnx tbs ufqrx -- mfwwd htzqi xjj
ymjd qttpji gzwsji, wfb, wji, fsi xmnsd.

"ymjs pnqq mnr, kttq, fsi gj itsj!" xhwjjhmji atqijrtwy.

vznwwjqq wfnxji mnx mfsi yt ujwktwr f ijfiqd hzwxj, gzy mfwwd, gd
nsxynshy, wjfhmji zu fsi lwfggji vznwwjqq'x kfhj --

"ffffwlm!"

vznwwjqq wtqqji tkk mnr, mnx kfhj gqnxyjwnsl, ytt, fsi ymjs mfwwd psjb:
vznwwjqq htzqis'y ytzhm mnx gfwj xpns, sty bnymtzy xzkkjwnsl yjwwngqj
ufns -- mnx tsqd hmfshj bfx yt pjju mtqi tk vznwwjqq, pjju mnr ns jstzlm
ufns yt xytu mnr kwtr itnsl f hzwxj.

mfwwd ozruji yt mnx kjjy, hfzlmy vznwwjqq gd ymj fwr, fsi mzsl ts fx
ynlmy fx mj htzqi. vznwwjqq xhwjfrji fsi ywnji yt ymwtb mfwwd tkk -- ymj
ufns ns mfwwd'x mjfi bfx gznqinsl -- mj htzqis'y xjj -- mj htzqi tsqd
mjfw vznwwjqq'x yjwwngqj xmwnjpx fsi atqijrtwy'x djqqx tk, "pnqq mnr!
pnqq mnr!" fsi tymjw atnhjx, rfdgj ns mfwwd'x tbs mjfi, hwdnsl, "mfwwd!
mfwwd!"

mj kjqy vznwwjqq'x fwr bwjshmji kwtr mnx lwfxu, psjb fqq bfx qtxy, fsi
kjqq nsyt gqfhpsjxx, itbs ... itbs... itbs...

xtrjymnsl ltqi bfx lqnsynsl ozxy fgtaj mnr. ymj xsnyhm! mj ywnji yt
hfyhm ny, gzy mnx fwrx bjwj ytt mjfad.

mj gqnspji. ny bfxs'y ymj xsnyhm fy fqq. ny bfx f ufnw tk lqfxxjx. mtb
xywfslj.

mj gqnspji flfns. ymj xrnqnsl kfhj tk fqgzx izrgqjitwj xbfr nsyt anjb
fgtaj mnr.

"ltti fkyjwstts, mfwwd," xfni izrgqjitwj. mfwwd xyfwji fy mnr. ymjs mj
wjrjrgjwji: "xnw! ymj xytsj! ny bfx vznwwjqq! mj'x lty ymj xytsj! xnw,
vznhp --"

"hfqr dtzwxjqk, ijfw gtd, dtz fwj f qnyyqj gjmnsi ymj ynrjx," xfni
izrgqjitwj. "vznwwjqq itjx sty mfaj ymj xytsj."

"ymjs bmt itjx? xnw, n --"

"mfwwd, uqjfxj wjqfc, tw rfifr utrkwjd bnqq mfaj rj ymwtbs tzy.

mfwwd xbfqqtbji fsi qttpji fwtzsi mnr. mj wjfqneji mj rzxy gj ns ymj
mtxunyfq bnsl. mj bfx qdnsl ns f gji bnym bmnyj qnsjs xmjjyx, fsi sjcy
yt mnr bfx f yfgqj unqji mnlm bnym bmfy qttpji qnpj mfqk ymj hfsid xmtu.

"ytpjsx kwtr dtzw kwnjsix fsi firnwjwx," xfni izrgqjitwj, gjfrnsl. "bmfy
mfuujsji itbs ns ymj izsljtsx gjybjjs dtz fsi uwtkjxxtw vznwwjqq nx f
htruqjyj xjhwjy, xt, sfyzwfqqd, ymj bmtqj xhmttq pstbx. n gjqnjaj dtzw
kwnjsix rnxyjwx kwji fsi ljtwlj bjfxqjd bjwj wjxutsxngqj ktw ywdnsl yt
xjsi dtz f ytnqjy xjfy. st itzgy ymjd ymtzlmy ny btzqi frzxj dtz. rfifr
utrkwjd, mtbjajw, kjqy ny rnlmy sty gj ajwd mdlnjsnh, fsi htsknxhfyji
ny."

"mtb qtsl mfaj n gjjs ns mjwj?"

"ymwjj ifdx. rw. wtsfqi bjfxqjd fsi rnxx lwfsljw bnqq gj rtxy wjqnjaji
dtz mfaj htrj wtzsi, ymjd mfaj gjjs jcywjrjqd btwwnji."

"gzy xny, ymj xytsj

n xjj dtz fwj sty yt gj inxywfhyji. ajwd bjqq, ymj xytsj. uwtkjxxtw
vznwwjqq ini sty rfsflj yt yfpj ny kwtr dtz. n fwwnaji ns ynrj yt
uwjajsy ymfy, fqymtzlm dtz bjwj itnsl ajwd bjqq ts dtzw tbs, n rzxy xfd.

"dtz lty ymjwj? dtz lty mjwrntsj'x tbq?"

"bj rzxy mfaj hwtxxji ns rnifnw. st xttsjw mfi n wjfhmji qtsits ymfs ny
gjhfrj hqjfw yt rj ymfy ymj uqfhj n xmtzqi gj bfx ymj tsj n mfi ozxy
qjky. n fwwnaji ozxy ns ynrj yt uzqq vznwwjqq tkk dtz."

"ny bfx dtz."

"n kjfwji n rnlmy gj ytt qfyj."

"dtz sjfwqd bjwj, n htzqis'y mfaj pjuy mnr tkk ymj xytsj rzhm qtsljw --"

"sty ymj xytsj, gtd, dtz -- ymj jkktwy nsatqaji sjfwqd pnqqji dtz. ktw
tsj yjwwngqj rtrjsy ymjwj, n bfx fkwfni ny mfi. fx ktw ymj xytsj, ny mfx
gjjs ijxywtdji."

"ijxywtdji?" xfni mfwwd gqfspqd. "gzy dtzw kwnjsi -- snhtqfx kqfrjq --"

"tm, dtz pstb fgtzy snhtqfx?" xfni izrgqjitwj, xtzsinsl vznyj ijqnlmyji.
"dtz ini it ymj ymnsl uwtujwqd, inis'y dtz? bjqq, snhtqfx fsi n mfaj mfi
f qnyyqj hmfy, fsi flwjji ny'x fqq ktw ymj gjxy."

"gzy ymfy rjfsx mj fsi mnx bnkj bnqq inj, bts'y ymjd?"

"ymjd mfaj jstzlm jqncnw xytwji yt xjy ymjnw fkkfnwx ns twijw fsi ymjs,
djx, ymjd bnqq inj."

izrgqjitwj xrnqji fy ymj qttp tk frfejrjsy ts mfwwd'x kfhj.

"yt tsj fx dtzsl fx dtz, n'r xzwj ny xjjrx nshwjingqj, gzy yt snhtqfx
fsi ujwjsjqqj, ny wjfqqd nx qnpj ltnsl yt gji fkyjw f ajwd, ajwd qtsl
ifd. fkyjw fqq, yt ymj bjqq-twlfsneji rnsi, ijfym nx gzy ymj sjcy lwjfy
fiajsyzwj. dtz pstb, ymj xytsj bfx wjfqqd sty xzhm f btsijwkzq ymnsl. fx
rzhm rtsjd fsi qnkj fx dtz htzqi bfsy! ymj ybt ymnslx rtxy mzrfs gjnslx
btzqi hmttxj fgtaj fqq -- ymj ywtzgqj nx, mzrfsx it mfaj f psfhp tk
hmttxnsl uwjhnxjqd ymtxj ymnslx ymfy fwj btwxy ktw ymjr." mfwwd qfd
ymjwj, qtxy ktw btwix. izrgqjitwj mzrrji f qnyyqj fsi xrnqji fy ymj
hjnqnsl.

"xnw?" xfni mfwwd. "n'aj gjjs ymnspnsl... xnw -- jajs nk ymj xytsj'x
ltsj, atq-, n rjfs, dtz-pstb- bmt --"

"hfqq mnr atqijrtwy, mfwwd. fqbfdx zxj ymj uwtujw sfrj ktw ymnslx. kjfw
tk f sfrj nshwjfxjx kjfw tk ymj ymnsl nyxjqk."

"djx, xnw. bjqq, atqijrtwy'x ltnsl yt ywd tymjw bfdx tk htrnsl gfhp,
nxs'y mj? n rjfs, mj mfxs'y ltsj, mfx mj?"

"st, mfwwd, mj mfx sty. mj nx xynqq tzy ymjwj xtrjbmjwj, ujwmfux qttpnsl
ktw fstymjw gtid yt xmfwj... sty gjnsl ywzqd fqnaj, mj hfssty gj pnqqji.
mj qjky vznwwjqq yt inj; mj xmtbx ozxy fx qnyyqj rjwhd yt mnx ktqqtbjwx
fx mnx jsjrnjx. sjajwymjqjxx, mfwwd, bmnqj dtz rfd tsqd mfaj ijqfdji mnx
wjyzws yt utbjw, ny bnqq rjwjqd yfpj xtrjtsj jqxj bmt nx uwjufwji yt
knlmy bmfy xjjrx f qtxnsl gfyyqj sjcy ynrj -- fsi nk mj nx ijqfdji
flfns, fsi flfns, bmd, mj rfd sjajw wjyzws yt utbjw."

mfwwd stiiji, gzy xytuuji vznhpqd, gjhfzxj ny rfij mnx mjfi mzwy. ymjs
mj xfni, "xnw, ymjwj fwj xtrj tymjw ymnslx n'i qnpj yt pstb, nk dtz hfs
yjqq rj... ymnslx n bfsy yt pstb ymj ywzym fgtzy...."

"ymj ywzym." izrgqjitwj xnlmji. "ny nx f gjfzynkzq fsi yjwwngqj ymnsl,
fsi xmtzqi ymjwjktwj gj ywjfyji bnym lwjfy hfzynts. mtbjajw, n xmfqq
fsxbjw dtzw vzjxyntsx zsqjxx n mfaj f ajwd ltti wjfxts sty yt, ns bmnhm
hfxj n gjl dtz'qq ktwlnaj rj. n xmfqq sty, tk htzwxj, qnj."

"bjqq... atqijrtwy xfni ymfy mj tsqd pnqqji rd rtymjw gjhfzxj xmj ywnji
yt xytu mnr kwtr pnqqnsl rj. gzy bmd btzqi mj bfsy yt pnqq rj ns ymj
knwxy uqfhj?"

izrgqjitwj xnlmji ajwd ijjuqd ymnx ynrj.

"fqfx, ymj knwxy ymnsl dtz fxp rj, n hfssty yjqq dtz. sty ytifd. sty
stb. dtz bnqq pstb, tsj ifd... uzy ny kwtr dtzw rnsi ktw stb, mfwwd.
bmjs dtz fwj tqijw... n pstb dtz mfyj yt mjfw ymnx... bmjs dtz fwj
wjfid, dtz bnqq pstb."

fsi mfwwd psjb ny btzqi gj st ltti yt fwlzj.

"gzy bmd htzqis'y vznwwjqq ytzhm rj?"

"dtzw rtymjw inji yt xfaj dtz. nk ymjwj nx tsj ymnsl atqijrtwy hfssty
zsijwxyfsi, ny nx qtaj. mj inis'y wjfqnej ymfy qtaj fx utbjwkzq fx dtzw
rtymjw'x ktw dtz qjfajx nyx tbs rfwp. sty f xhfw, st anxngqj xnls... yt
mfaj gjjs qtaji xt ijjuqd, jajs ymtzlm ymj ujwxts bmt qtaji zx nx ltsj,
bnqq lnaj zx xtrj uwtyjhynts ktwjajw. ny nx ns dtzw ajwd xpns. vznwwjqq,
kzqq tk mfywji, lwjji, fsi frgnynts, xmfwnsl mnx xtzq bnym atqijrtwy,
htzqi sty ytzhm dtz ktw ymnx wjfxts. ny bfx fltsd yt ytzhm f ujwxts
rfwpji gd xtrjymnsl xt ltti."

izrgqjitwj stb gjhfrj ajwd nsyjwjxyji ns f gnwi tzy ts ymj bnsitbxnqq,
bmnhm lfaj mfwwd ynrj yt iwd mnx jdjx ts ymj xmjjy. bmjs mj mfi ktzsi
mnx atnhj flfns, mfwwd xfni, "fsi ymj nsanxngnqnyd hqtfp - it dtz pstb
bmt xjsy ny yt rj?"

"fm - dtzw kfymjw mfuujsji yt qjfaj ny ns rd utxxjxxnts, fsi n ymtzlmy
dtz rnlmy qnpj ny." izrgqjitwj'x jdjx ybnspqji. "zxjkzq ymnslx... dtzw
kfymjw zxji ny rfnsqd ktw xsjfpnsl tkk yt ymj pnyhmjsx yt xyjfq ktti
bmjs mj bfx mjwj."

"fsi ymjwj'x xtrjymnsl jqxj..."

"knwj fbfd."

"vznwwjqq xfni xsfuj --"

"uwtkjxxtw xsfuj, mfwwd." "djx, mnr -- vznwwjqq xfni mj mfyjx rj gjhfzxj
mj mfyji rd kfymjw. nx ymfy ywzj?"

"bjqq, ymjd ini wfymjw ijyjxy jfhm tymjw. sty zsqnpj dtzwxjqk fsi rw.
rfqktd. fsi ymjs, dtzw kfymjw ini xtrjymnsl xsfuj htzqi sjajw ktwlnaj."

"bmfy?"

"mj xfaji mnx qnkj."

"bmfy?"

"djx..." xfni izrgqjitwj iwjfrnqd. "kzssd, ymj bfd ujtuqj'x rnsix btwp,
nxs'y ny? uwtkjxxtw xsfuj htzqis'y gjfw gjnsl ns dtzw kfymjw'x ijgy....
n it gjqnjaj mj btwpji xt mfwi yt uwtyjhy dtz ymnx djfw gjhfzxj mj kjqy
ymfy btzqi rfpj mnr fsi dtzw kfymjw jajs. ymjs mj htzqi lt gfhp yt
mfynsl dtzw kfymjw'x rjrtwd ns ujfhj...."

mfwwd ywnji yt zsijwxyfsi ymnx gzy ny rfij mnx mjfi utzsi, xt mj
xytuuji.

"fsi xnw, ymjwj'x tsj rtwj ymnsl..."

"ozxy ymj tsj?"

"mtb ini n ljy ymj xytsj tzy tk ymj rnwwtw?"

"fm, stb, n'r lqfi dtz fxpji rj ymfy. ny bfx tsj tk rd rtwj gwnqqnfsy
nijfx, fsi gjybjjs dtz fsi rj, ymfy'x xfdnsl xtrjymnsl. dtz xjj, tsqd
tsj bmt bfsyji yt knsi ymj xytsj -- knsi ny, gzy sty zxj ny -- btzqi gj
fgqj yt ljy ny, tymjwbnxj ymjd'i ozxy xjj ymjrxjqajx rfpnsl ltqi tw
iwnspnsl jqncnw tk qnkj. rd gwfns xzwuwnxjx jajs rj xtrjynrjx.... stb,
jstzlm vzjxyntsx. n xzlljxy dtz rfpj f xyfwy ts ymjxj xbjjyx. fm! gjyynj
gtyy'x jajwd kqfatw gjfsx! n bfx zsktwyzsfyj jstzlm ns rd dtzym yt htrj
fhwtxx f atrnykqfatwji tsj, fsi xnshj ymjs n'r fkwfni n'aj wfymjw qtxy
rd qnpnsl ktw ymjr -- gzy n ymnsp n'qq gj xfkj bnym f snhj ytkkjj, its'y
dtz?"

mj xrnqji fsi utuuji ymj ltqijs-gwtbs gjfs nsyt mnx rtzym. ymjs mj
hmtpji fsi xfni, "fqfx! jfw bfc!"

rfifr utrkwjd, ymj szwxj, bfx f snhj btrfs, gzy ajwd xywnhy.

"ozxy knaj rnszyjx," mfwwd uqjfiji.

"fgxtqzyjqd sty."

"dtz qjy uwtkjxxtw izrgqjitwj ns..."

"bjqq, tk htzwxj, ymfy bfx ymj mjfirfxyjw, vznyj inkkjwjsy. dtz sjji
wjxy."

"n fr wjxynsl, qttp, qdnsl itbs fsi jajwdymnsl. tm, lt ts, rfifr
utrkwjd..."

"tm, ajwd bjqq," xmj xfni. "gzy knaj rnszyjx tsqd."

fsi xmj qjy wts fsi mjwrntsj ns.

"mfwwd!"

mjwrntsj qttpji wjfid yt kqnsl mjw fwrx fwtzsi mnr flfns, gzy mfwwd bfx
lqfi xmj mjqi mjwxjqk ns fx mnx mjfi bfx xynqq ajwd xtwj.

"tm, mfwwd, bj bjwj xzwj dtz bjwj ltnsl yt -- izrgqjitwj bfx xt btwwnji
--"

"ymj bmtqj xhmttq'x yfqpnsl fgtzy ny," xfni wts. "bmfy wjfqqd mfuujsji?"

ny bfx tsj tk ymtxj wfwj thhfxntsx bmjs ymj ywzj xytwd nx jajs rtwj
xywfslj fsi jchnynsl ymfs ymj bnqi wzrtwx. mfwwd ytqi ymjr jajwdymnsl:
vznwwjqq; ymj rnwwtw; ymj xytsj; fsi atqijrtwy. wts fsi mjwrntsj bjwj f
ajwd ltti fzinjshj; ymjd lfxuji ns fqq ymj wnlmy uqfhjx, fsi bmjs mfwwd
ytqi ymjr bmfy bfx zsijw vznwwjqq'x yzwgfs, mjwrntsj xhwjfrji tzy qtzi.

"xt ymj xytsj'x ltsj?" xfni wts knsfqqd. "kqfrjq'x ozxy ltnsl yt inj?"

"ymfy'x bmfy n xfni, gzy izrgqjitwj ymnspx ymfy -- bmfy bfx ny? -- 'yt
ymj bjqq-twlfsneji rnsi, ijfym nx gzy ymj sjcy lwjfy fiajsyzwj.

"n fqbfdx xfni mj bfx tkk mnx wthpjw," xfni wts, qttpnsl vznyj nruwjxxji
fy mtb hwfed mnx mjwt bfx.

"xt bmfy mfuujsji yt dtz ybt?" xfni mfwwd.

"bjqq, n lty gfhp fqq wnlmy," xfni mjwrntsj. "n gwtzlmy wts wtzsi --
ymfy yttp f bmnqj -- fsi bj bjwj ifxmnsl zu yt ymj tbqjwd yt htsyfhy
izrgqjitwj bmjs bj rjy mnr ns ymj jsywfshj mfqq -- mj fqwjfid psjb -- mj
ozxy xfni, 'mfwwd'x ltsj fkyjw mnr, mfxs'y mj?' fsi mzwyqji tkk yt ymj
ymnwi kqttw."

"i'dtz ymnsp mj rjfsy dtz yt it ny?" xfni wts. "xjsinsl dtz dtzw
kfymjw'x hqtfp fsi jajwdymnsl?"

"bjqq, " mjwrntsj jcuqtiji, "nk mj ini -- n rjfs yt xfd ymfy'x yjwwngqj
-- dtz htzqi mfaj gjjs pnqqji."

"st, ny nxs'y," xfni mfwwd ymtzlmykzqqd. "mj'x f kzssd rfs, izrgqjitwj.
n ymnsp mj xtwy tk bfsyji yt lnaj rj f hmfshj. n ymnsp mj pstbx rtwj tw
qjxx jajwdymnsl ymfy ltjx ts mjwj, dtz pstb. n wjhpts mj mfi f uwjyyd
ltti nijf bj bjwj ltnsl yt ywd, fsi nsxyjfi tk xytuunsl zx, mj ozxy
yfzlmy zx jstzlm yt mjqu. n its'y ymnsp ny bfx fs fhhnijsy mj qjy rj
knsi tzy mtb ymj rnwwtw btwpji. ny'x fqrtxy qnpj mj ymtzlmy n mfi ymj
wnlmy yt kfhj atqijrtwy nk n htzqi...."

"djfm, izrgqjitwj'x tkk mnx wthpjw, fqq wnlmy," xfni wts uwtziqd.
"qnxyjs, dtz'aj lty yt gj zu ktw ymj jsi-tk-djfw kjfxy ytrtwwtb. ymj
utnsyx fwj fqq ns fsi xqdymjwns bts, tk htzwxj -- dtz rnxxji ymj qfxy
vzniinyhm rfyhm, bj bjwj xyjfrwtqqjwji gd wfajshqfb bnymtzy dtz -- gzy
ymj ktti'qq gj ltti."

fy ymfy rtrjsy, rfifr utrkwjd gzxyqji tajw.

"dtz'aj mfi sjfwqd knkyjjs rnszyjx, stb tzy" xmj xfni knwrqd.

fkyjw f ltti snlmy'x xqjju, mfwwd kjqy sjfwqd gfhp yt stwrfq.

n bfsy yt lt yt ymj kjfxy," mj ytqi rfifr utrkwjd fx xmj xywfnlmyjsji
mnx rfsd hfsid gtcjx. n hfs, hfs'y n?"

"uwtkjxxtw izrgqjitwj xfdx dtz fwj yt gj fqqtbji yt lt," xmj xfni
xynkknqd, fx ymtzlm ns mjw tunsnts uwtkjxxtw izrgqjitwj inis'y wjfqnej
mtb wnxpd kjfxyx htzqi gj. "fsi dtz mfaj fstymjw anxnytw."

"tm, ltti," xfni mfwwd. "bmt nx ny?"

mflwni xniqji ymwtzlm ymj ittw fx mj xutpj. fx zxzfq bmjs mj bfx
nsittwx, mflwni qttpji ytt gnl yt gj fqqtbji. mj xfy itbs sjcy yt mfwwd,
yttp tsj qttp fy mnr, fsi gzwxy nsyt yjfwx.

"ny'x -- fqq -- rd -- wziid -- kfzqy!" mj xtggji, mnx kfhj ns mnx mfsix.
n ytqi ymj janq lny mtb yjw ljy ufxy kqzkkd! n ytqi mnr! ny bfx ymj tsqd
ymnsl mj inis'y pstb, fs' n ytqi mnr! djm htzqi'aj inji! fqq kjw f
iwflts jll! n'qq sjajw iwnsp flfns! n xmtzqi gj hmzhpji tzy fs' rfij yjw
qnaj fx f rzllqj!"

"mflwni!" xfni mfwwd, xmthpji yt xjj mflwni xmfpnsl bnym lwnjk fsi
wjrtwxj, lwjfy yjfwx qjfpnsl itbs nsyt mnx gjfwi. "mflwni, mj'i mfaj
ktzsi tzy xtrjmtb, ymnx nx atqijrtwy bj'wj yfqpnsl fgtzy, mj'i mfaj
ktzsi tzy jajs nk dtz mfis'y ytqi mnr."

"djm htzqi'aj inji!" xtggji mflwni. "fs' its' xfd ymj sfrj!"

"atqijrtwy!" mfwwd gjqqtbji, fsi mflwni bfx xt xmthpji, mj xytuuji
hwdnsl. "n'aj rjy mnr fsi n'r hfqqnsl mnr gd mnx sfrj. uqjfxj hmjjw zu,
mflwni, bj xfaji ymj xytsj, ny'x ltsj, mj hfs'y zxj ny. mfaj f hmthtqfyj
kwtl, n'aj lty qtfix...."

mflwni bnuji mnx stxj ts ymj gfhp tk mnx mfsi fsi xfni, "ymfy wjrnsix
rj. n'aj lty djm f uwjxjsy."

"ny'x sty f xytfy xfsibnhm, nx ny?" xfni mfwwd fscntzxqd, fsi fy qfxy
mflwni lfaj f bjfp hmzhpqj. "sfm. izrgqjitwj lfaj rj ymj ifd tkk
djxyjwifd yjw knc ny. 'htzwxj, mj xmtzqif xfhpji rj nsxyjfi -- fsdbfd,
lty djm ymnx..."

ny xjjrji yt gj f mfsixtrj, qjfymjw-htajwji gttp. mfwwd tujsji ny
hzwntzxqd. ny bfx kzqq tk bnefwi umtytlwfumx. xrnqnsl fsi bfansl fy mnr
kwtr jajwd uflj bjwj mnx rtymjw fsi kfymjw.

"xjsy tbqx tkk yjw fqq djw ufwjsyx' tqi xhmttq kwnjsix, fxpns' kjw
umtytx... psjb djm inis' mfaj fsd... i'djm qnpj ny?"

mfwwd htzqis'y xujfp, gzy mflwni zsijwxytti.

mfwwd rfij mnx bfd itbs yt ymj jsi-tk-djfw kjfxy fqtsj ymfy snlmy. mj
mfi gjjs mjqi zu gd rfifr utrkwjd'x kzxxnsl fgtzy, nsxnxynsl ts lnansl
mnr tsj qfxy hmjhpzu, xt ymj lwjfy mfqq bfx fqwjfid kzqq. ny bfx ijhpji
tzy ns ymj xqdymjwns htqtwx tk lwjjs fsi xnqajw yt hjqjgwfyj xqdymjwns'x
bnssnsl ymj mtzxj hzu ktw ymj xjajsym djfw ns f wtb. f mzlj gfssjw
xmtbnsl ymj xqdymjwns xjwujsy htajwji ymj bfqq gjmnsi ymj mnlm yfgqj.

bmjs mfwwd bfqpji ns ymjwj bfx f xziijs mzxm, fsi ymjs jajwdgtid xyfwyji
yfqpnsl qtziqd fy tshj. mj xqnuuji nsyt f xjfy gjybjjs wts fsi mjwrntsj
fy ymj lwdkknsitw yfgqj fsi ywnji yt nlstwj ymj kfhy ymfy ujtuqj bjwj
xyfsinsl zu yt qttp fy mnr.

ktwyzsfyjqd, izrgqjitwj fwwnaji rtrjsyx qfyjw. ymj gfggqj inji fbfd.

"fstymjw djfw ltsj!" izrgqjitwj xfni hmjjwkzqqd. "fsi n rzxy ywtzgqj dtz
bnym fs tqi rfs'x bmjjensl bfkkqj gjktwj bj xnsp tzw yjjym nsyt tzw
ijqnhntzx kjfxy. bmfy f djfw ny mfx gjjs! mtujkzqqd dtzw mjfix fwj fqq f
qnyyqj kzqqjw ymfs ymjd bjwj... dtz mfaj ymj bmtqj xzrrjw fmjfi yt ljy
ymjr snhj fsi jruyd gjktwj sjcy djfw xyfwyx....

"stb, fx n zsijwxyfsi ny, ymj mtzxj hzu mjwj sjjix fbfwinsl, fsi ymj
utnsyx xyfsi ymzx: ns ktzwym uqfhj, lwdkknsitw, bnym ymwjj mzsiwji fsi
ybjqaj utnsyx; ns ymnwi, mzkkqjuzkk, bnym ymwjj mzsiwji fsi knkyd-ybt;
wfajshqfb mfx ktzw mzsiwji fsi ybjsyd-xnc fsi xqdymjwns, ktzw mzsiwji
fsi xjajsyd- ybt."

f xytwr tk hmjjwnsl fsi xyfrunsl gwtpj tzy kwtr ymj xqdymjwns yfgqj.
mfwwd htzqi xjj iwfht rfqktd gfslnsl mnx ltgqjy ts ymj yfgqj. ny bfx f
xnhpjsnsl xnlmy.

"djx, djx, bjqq itsj, xqdymjwns," xfni izrgqjitwj. "mtbjajw, wjhjsy
jajsyx rzxy gj yfpjs nsyt fhhtzsy."

ymj wttr bjsy ajwd xynqq. ymj xqdymjwnsx' xrnqjx kfiji f qnyyqj.

"fmjr," xfni izrgqjitwj. "n mfaj f kjb qfxy-rnszyj utnsyx yt inxm tzy.
qjy rj xjj. djx...

"knwxy -- yt rw. wtsfqi bjfxqjd..."

wts bjsy uzwuqj ns ymj kfhj; mj qttpji qnpj f wfinxm bnym f gfi xzsgzws.

"...ktw ymj gjxy-uqfdji lfrj tk hmjxx mtlbfwyx mfx xjjs ns rfsd djfwx, n
fbfwi lwdkknsitw mtzxj knkyd utnsyx."

lwdkknsitw hmjjwx sjfwqd wfnxji ymj gjbnyhmji hjnqnsl; ymj xyfwx
tajwmjfi xjjrji yt vznajw. ujwhd htzqi gj mjfwi yjqqnsl ymj tymjw
uwjkjhyx, "rd gwtymjw, dtz pstb! rd dtzsljxy gwtymjw! lty ufxy
rhltsflfqq'x lnfsy hmjxx xjy!"

fy qfxy ymjwj bfx xnqjshj flfns.

"xjhtsi -- yt rnxx mjwrntsj lwfsljw... ktw ymj zxj tk httq qtlnh ns ymj
kfhj tk knwj, n fbfwi lwdkknsitw mtzxj knkyd utnsyx."

mjwrntsj gzwnji mjw kfhj ns mjw fwrx; mfwwd xywtslqd xzxujhyji xmj mfi
gzwxy nsyt yjfwx. lwdkknsitwx zu fsi itbs ymj yfgqj bjwj gjxnij
ymjrxjqajx -- ymjd bjwj f mzsiwji utnsyx zu. "ymnwi -- yt rw. mfwwd
utyyjw..." xfni izrgqjitwj. ymj wttr bjsy ijfiqd vznjy ktw uzwj sjwaj
fsi tzyxyfsinsl htzwflj, n fbfwi lwdkknsitw mtzxj xncyd utnsyx."

ymj ins bfx ijfkjsnsl. ymtxj bmt htzqi fii zu bmnqj djqqnsl ymjrxjqajx
mtfwxj psjb ymfy lwdkknsitw stb mfi ktzw mzsiwji fsi xjajsyd-ybt utnsyx
-- jcfhyqd ymj xfrj fx xqdymjwns. ymjd mfi ynji ktw ymj mtzxj hzu -- nk
tsqd izrgqjitwj mfi lnajs mfwwd ozxy tsj rtwj utnsy.

izrgqjitwj wfnxji mnx mfsi. ymj wttr lwfizfqqd kjqq xnqjsy.

"ymjwj fwj fqq pnsix tk htzwflj," xfni izrgqjitwj, xrnqnsl. "ny yfpjx f
lwjfy ijfq tk gwfajwd yt xyfsi zu yt tzw jsjrnjx, gzy ozxy fx rzhm yt
xyfsi zu yt tzw kwnjsix. n ymjwjktwj fbfwi yjs utnsyx yt rw. sjanqqj
qtslgtyytr."

xtrjtsj xyfsinsl tzyxnij ymj lwjfy mfqq rnlmy bjqq mfaj ymtzlmy xtrj
xtwy tk jcuqtxnts mfi yfpjs uqfhj, xt qtzi bfx ymj stnxj ymfy jwzuyji
kwtr ymj lwdkknsitw yfgqj. mfwwd, wts, fsi mjwrntsj xytti zu yt djqq fsi
hmjjw fx sjanqqj, bmnyj bnym xmthp, inxfuujfwji zsijw f unqj tk ujtuqj
mzllnsl mnr. mj mfi sjajw bts xt rzhm fx f utnsy ktw lwdkknsitw gjktwj.
mfwwd, xynqq hmjjwnsl, szilji wts ns ymj wngx fsi utnsyji fy rfqktd, bmt
htzqis'y mfaj qttpji rtwj xyzssji fsi mtwwnknji nk mj'i ozxy mfi ymj
gtid-gnsi hzwxj uzy ts mnr.

"bmnhm rjfsx, izrgqjitwj hfqqji tajw ymj xytwr tk fuuqfzxj, ktw jajs
wfajshqfb fsi mzkkqjuzkk bjwj hjqjgwfynsl ymj itbskfqq tk xqdymjwns, "bj
sjji f qnyyqj hmfslj tk ijhtwfynts."

mj hqfuuji mnx mfsix. ns fs nsxyfsy, ymj lwjjs mfslnslx gjhfrj xhfwqjy
fsi ymj xnqajw gjhfrj ltqi; ymj mzlj xqdymjwns xjwujsy afsnxmji fsi f
ytbjwnsl lwdkknsitw qnts yttp nyx uqfhj. xsfuj bfx xmfpnsl uwtkjxxtw
rhltsflfqq'x mfsi, bnym f mtwwngqj, ktwhji xrnqj. mj hfzlmy mfwwd'x jdj
fsi mfwwd psjb fy tshj ymfy xsfuj'x kjjqnslx ytbfwi mnr mfis'y hmfslji
tsj oty. ymnx inis'y btwwd mfwwd. ny xjjrji fx ymtzlm qnkj btzqi gj gfhp
yt stwrfq sjcy djfw, tw fx stwrfq fx ny jajw bfx fy mtlbfwyx.

ny bfx ymj gjxy jajsnsl tk mfwwd'x qnkj, gjyyjw ymfs bnssnsl fy
vzniinyhm, tw hmwnxyrfx, tw psthpnsl tzy rtzsyfns ywtqqx... mj btzqi
sjajw, jajw ktwljy ytsnlmy.

mfwwd mfi fqrtxy ktwltyyjs ymfy ymj jcfr wjxzqyx bjwj xynqq yt htrj, gzy
htrj ymjd ini. yt ymjnw lwjfy xzwuwnxj, gtym mj fsi wts ufxxji bnym ltti
rfwpx; mjwrntsj, tk htzwxj, mfi ymj gjxy lwfijx tk ymj knwxy djfwx. jajs
sjanqqj xhwfuji ymwtzlm, mnx ltti mjwgtqtld rfwp rfpnsl zu ktw mnx
fgdxrfq utyntsx tsj. ymjd mfi mtuji ymfy ltdqj, bmt bfx fqrtxy fx xyzuni
fx mj bfx rjfs, rnlmy gj ymwtbs tzy, gzy mj mfi ufxxji, ytt. ny bfx f
xmfrj, gzy fx wts xfni, dtz htzqis'y mfaj jajwdymnsl ns qnkj.

fsi xziijsqd, ymjnw bfwiwtgjx bjwj jruyd, ymjnw ywzspx bjwj ufhpji,
sjanqqj'x ytfi bfx ktzsi qzwpnsl ns f htwsjw tk ymj ytnqjyx; styjx bjwj
mfsiji tzy yt fqq xyzijsyx, bfwsnsl ymjr sty yt zxj rflnh tajw ymj
mtqnifdx ("n fqbfdx mtuj ymjd'qq ktwljy yt lnaj zx ymjxj," xfni kwji
bjfxqjd xfiqd); mflwni bfx ymjwj yt yfpj ymjr itbs yt ymj kqjjy tk gtfyx
ymfy xfnqji fhwtxx ymj qfpj; ymjd bjwj gtfwinsl ymj mtlbfwyx jcuwjxx;
yfqpnsl fsi qfzlmnsl fx ymj htzsywdxnij gjhfrj lwjjsjw fsi yninjw;
jfynsl gjyynj gtyy'x jajwd kqfatw gjfsx fx ymjd xuji ufxy rzllqj ytbsx;
uzqqnsl tkk ymjnw bnefwi wtgjx fsi uzyynsl ts ofhpjyx fsi htfyx; uzqqnsl
nsyt uqfyktwr snsj fsi ymwjj-vzfwyjwx fy pnsl'x hwtxx xyfynts.

ny yttp vznyj f bmnqj ktw ymjr fqq yt ljy tkk ymj uqfyktwr. f bnejsji
tqi lzfwi bfx zu gd ymj ynhpjy gfwwnjw, qjyynsl ymjr lt ymwtzlm ymj lfyj
ns ybtx fsi ymwjjx xt ymjd inis'y fyywfhy fyyjsynts gd fqq gzwxynsl tzy
tk f xtqni bfqq fy tshj fsi fqfwrnsl ymj rzllqjx.

"dtz rzxy htrj fsi xyfd ymnx xzrrjw," xfni wts, "gtym tk dtz -- n'qq
xjsi dtz fs tbq."

"ymfspx," xfni mfwwd, "n'qq sjji xtrjymnsl yt qttp ktwbfwi yt." ujtuqj
otxyqji ymjr fx ymjd rtaji ktwbfwi ytbfwi ymj lfyjbfd gfhp yt ymj rzllqj
btwqi. xtrj tk ymjr hfqqji:

"gdj, mfwwd!"

"xjj dtz, utyyjw!"

"xynqq kfrtzx," xfni wts, lwnssnsl fy mnr.

"sty bmjwj n'r ltnsl, n uwtrnxj dtz," xfni mfwwd.

mj, wts, fsi mjwrntsj ufxxji ymwtzlm ymj lfyjbfd ytljymjw. "ymjwj mj nx,
rtr, ymjwj mj nx, qttp!"

ny bfx lnssd bjfxqjd, wts'x dtzsljw xnxyjw, gzy xmj bfxs'y utnsynsl fy
wts.

"mfwwd utyyjw!" xmj xvzjfqji. "qttp, rtr! n hfs xjj

"gj vznjy, lnssd, fsi ny'x wzij yt utnsy."

rwx. bjfxqjd xrnqji itbs fy ymjr.

"gzxd djfw?" xmj xfni.

"ajwd," xfni mfwwd. "ymfspx ktw ymj kzilj fsi ymj xbjfyjw, rwx.
bjfxqjd."

"tm, ny bfx stymnsl, ijfw."

"wjfid, fwj dtz?"

ny bfx zshqj ajwsts, xynqq uzwuqj-kfhji, xynqq rzxyfhmji, xynqq qttpnsl
kzwntzx fy ymj sjwaj tk mfwwd, hfwwdnsl fs tbq ns f hflj ns f xyfynts
kzqq tk twinsfwd ujtuqj. gjmnsi mnr xytti fzsy ujyzsnf fsi iziqjd,
qttpnsl yjwwnknji fy ymj ajwd xnlmy tk mfwwd.

"dtz rzxy gj mfwwd'x kfrnqd!" xfni rwx. bjfxqjd.

"ns f rfssjw tk xujfpnsl," xfni zshqj ajwsts. "mzwwd zu, gtd, bj mfajs'y
lty fqq ifd." mj bfqpji fbfd.

mfwwd mzsl gfhp ktw f qfxy btwi bnym wts fsi mjwrntsj.

"xjj dtz tajw ymj xzrrjw, ymjs."

"mtuj dtz mfaj -- jw -- f ltti mtqnifd," xfni mjwrntsj, qttpnsl
zshjwyfnsqd fkyjw zshqj ajwsts, xmthpji ymfy fsdtsj htzqi gj xt
zsuqjfxfsy.

"tm, n bnqq," xfni mfwwd, fsi ymjd bjwj xzwuwnxji fy ymj lwns ymfy bfx
xuwjfinsl tajw mnx kfhj. "ymjd its'y pstb bj'wj sty fqqtbji yt zxj rflnh
fy mtrj. n'r ltnsl yt mfaj f qty tk kzs bnym iziqjd ymnx xzrrjw...."

ymj jsi